Hepesh: To the unbeliever, all signs are as dust in the wind.
The Doctor: I had to face my fear. That was more important than just going on living.
The Doctor: That was a nice nap, now down to business.
The Seventh Doctor: Time and Time Lord wait for no man.
The Doctor: The sound of giant slugs!
Omega: Absolute power is absolute freedom.
The Master: Who in the whole galaxy is not my inferior? There is not one creature!
The Master: The whole world can be ours. I only need two things - your submission and your obedience to my will!
Dalek: The Daleks offer you life.
Cyberleader: Cybermen can survive more efficiently than animal organisms. That is why we will rule the galaxy.
The Doctor: Well, look at me. I'm old, lacking in vigour, my mind's in turmoil. I no longer know if I'm coming, have gone, or even been. I'm falling to pieces. I no longer even have any clothes sense... Self-pity is all I have left.
Turlough: What is it about Earth people that makes them think a futile gesture is a noble one?
The Doctor: A little gratitude wouldn't irretrievably damage my ego.
The Doctor: The Rani is a genius. Shame I can't stand her. I wonder if I was particularly nice to her, she might - nope, no, of course not...
Count Federico: You can no more tell the stars than I can tell my chamber pot.
The Doctor: Gods don't use transceivers.
The Doctor: Maybe I am getting too young for this sort of thing.
The Doctor: One good, solid hope's worth a cartload of certainty.
The Doctor: Superior intelligence and senseless cruelty just do not go together.
Perpugilliam Peri Brown: Is there any intelligent life on this planet?; The Doctor: Apart from me, you mean?
The Doctor: Eureka is Greek for: this bath is too hot
The Doctor: Anybody remotely interesting is mad, in some way or another.
The Doctor: You're a classic example of the inverse relationship bewteen the size of the mouth and the size of the brain.
The Doctor: Allow me to congratulate you, sir. You have the most totally closed mind that I've ever encountered.
The Doctor: You can't rule the world in hiding. You've got to come out on the balcony sometimes and wave a tentacle.
The Doctor: You know, the very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common. They don't alter their views to fit the facts. They alter the facts to fit their views. Which can be uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the facts that need altering.
The Doctor: A straight line may be the shortest distance between two points, but it is by no means the most interesting.
The Third Doctor: What's wrong with being childish? I like being childish.
The Doctor: It's about time the people who run this planet of yours realized that to be dependent on a mineral slime just doesn't make sense.
The Master: I don't know, rocket fire at long range - somehow it lacks that personal touch.
The Doctor: I always like to do the unexpected, it takes people by surprise.
The Doctor: Oh, marvellous. You're going to kill me. What a finely-tuned response to the situation.
The Doctor: Crush the lesser races. Conquer the galaxy. Incredible power, unlimited rice pudding, et cetera, et cetera.
The Fourth Doctor: Would you mind not standing on me, my hat's on fire.
The Fourth Doctor: Oh, don't listen to me... I never do.
The Doctor: You're a beautiful woman, probably.
Lethbridge-Stewart: You know, just once I'd like to meet an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
The Doctor: In my time I have been threatened by experts. And I don't rate you very highly at all.
The Doctor: Planets come and go. Stars perish. Matter disperses, coalesces, forms into other patterns, other worlds. Nothing can be eternal.
The Doctor: There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
The Doctor: As we learn about each other, so we learn about ourselves.
The Doctor: Dreams are important... never underestimate them.
The Doctor: I'm not helping you, officially. And if anyone happens to ask whether I made any material difference to the welfare of this planet, you can tell them I came and went like a summer cloud.
The Doctor: I think you'll find, Sir, that I'm qualified to deal with practically everything, if I choose.
The Doctor: I am the Doctor, whether you like it or not.
The Doctor: Small though it is, the human brain can be quite effective when used properly.
The Doctor: Rest is for the weary, sleep is for the dead.
The Doctor: My last incarnation... oh, I was never happy with that one. It had a sort of feckless "charm" which simply wasn't *me*!
Adric: Could anyone pass the sodium chloride, please?
The Doctor: This is a situation that requires tact and finesse. Fortunately, I am blessed with both.
The Doctor: [on the TARDIS] As an invasion weapon, you'd have to agree that it's about as offensive as a chicken vol-au-vent.
The Doctor: Unless we are prepared to sacrifice our lives for the good of all, then evil and anarchy will spread like the plague.
The Doctor: You see, if you take any progressive series, it can be converted into binary notation. Now, if you take the sum of the integrants and express the result as a power series, then the indices show the basic binary blocks, only I wouldn't do it if I were you.
Lady Camilla: You're wrong. The Doctor is not weaponless. He has the greatest weapon of all: knowledge.
The Doctor: It's very very old, perhaps even older.
The Fifth Doctor: If the freighter crashes into Earth with you onboard, won't that make it rather difficult for you to carry out your task? I mean, you would be very crumpled.
The Doctor: Time and tide melts the snowman.
The Doctor: The best way to find out where you are from is find out where you are going and work backwards.
The Third Doctor: Good grief, man, it's as simple as Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity.
The Master: I have so few worthy opponents. When they're gone I always miss them.
The Doctor: No. Impossible. I'm fully booked for the next two centuries.
Styggron: Resistance is inadvisable.
The Doctor: Into the matrix. Where the only logic is there isn't any logic.
The Doctor: Unstable? Unstable? Unstable? This is me, Peri! Right now I am as stable as you will ever see me! You must forget how I used to be. I'm a Time Lord. A man of science, temperament, and *passion*!"
The Doctor: Deactivating a generator loop without the correct key is like repairing a watch with a hammer and chisel. One false move and you'll never know the time again.
The Master: At last, Doctor I've cut you down to size.
The Master: But first things first. I've a death to arrange.
The Doctor: And kindly refrain from addressing me as "Doc", Perpugilliam.
Brigadier: I never thought I'd have to fire in anger at a dratted caterpillar.
The Doctor: I'm not only from another culture but another planet. I am in your terms an alien.
The Doctor: Don't worry. I always leave things until the last moment.
Olvir: I'd hate to end the universe by mistake.
The Eleventh Doctor: Bow ties are cool.
The Ninth Doctor: Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do then I should warn you, you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past; Aliens from the future; the day the Earth died in a ball of flame; It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: the trip of a lifetime.
The Tenth Doctor: Allons-y!
The Tenth Doctor: Brilliant!
The Tenth Doctor: Nah, never. Well, maybe.
The Eleventh Doctor: Geronimo!
Clara: Run. Run you clever boy, and remember...
River Song: Hello Sweetie.
Amy Pond: When I was a little girl I had an imaginary friend and when I grew up he came back. He's called The Doctor. He comes from somewhere else. He's got a box called the TARDIS that's bigger on the inside and can travel anywhere in time and space. I ran away with him and we've been running ever since.
The Ninth Doctor: Me? I am the Doctor.
The Twelfth Doctor: I'm the Doctor. And I save people.
The Eleventh Doctor: I wouldn't say that. The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. Hey. The good things don't always soften the bad things, but vice-versa, the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant
The universe is big. It’s vast and complicated and ridiculous. And sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles. — The Doctor, Season 5, Episode 12
You want weapons? We’re in a library! Books! The best weapons in the world! — The Doctor, Season 2, Episode 2
When you’re a kid, they tell you it’s all… Grow up, get a job, get married, get a house, have a kid, and that’s it. But the truth is, the world is so much stranger than that. It’s so much darker. And so much madder. And so much better. — Elton Pope, Season 2, Episode 10
Amy Pond, there’s something you’d better understand about me ‘cause it’s important, and one day your life may depend on it: I am definitely a mad man with a box! — The Doctor, Season 5, Episode 1
The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don’t always soften the bad things, but vice versa, the bad things don’t always spoil the good things and make them unimportant. — The Doctor, Season 5, Episode 10
Some people live more in 20 years than others do in 80. It’s not the time that matters, it’s the person. — The Doctor, Season 3, Episode 6
Do what I do. Hold tight and pretend it’s a plan! —The Doctor, Season 7, Christmas Special
In 900 years of time and space, I’ve never met anyone who wasn’t important — The Doctor, Season 6, Christmas Special
900 years of time and space, and I’ve never been slapped by someone’s mother. —The Doctor, Season 1, Episode 4
Never ignore coincidence. Unless, of course, you’re busy. In which case, always ignore coincidence. — The Doctor, Season 5, Episode 12
There’s a lot of things you need to get across this universe. Warp drive… wormhole refractors… You know the thing you need most of all? You need a hand to hold. — The Doctor, Season 6, Episode 6
This is who I am, right here, right now, all right? All that counts is here and now, and this is me! — The Doctor, Season 1, Episode 2
I am and always will be the optimist. The hoper of far-flung hopes and the dreamer of improbable dreams. — The Doctor, Season 6, Episode 6
Everybody knows that everybody dies. But not every day. Not today. Some days are special. Some days are so, so blessed. Some days, nobody dies at all. Now and then, every once in a very long while, every day in a million days, when the wind stands fair and the Doctor comes to call, everybody lives. — River Song, Season 6, Episode 13
We’re all stories, in the end. Just make it a good one, eh? - The Doctor, Season 5, Episode 13
Letting it get to you. You know what that’s called? Being alive. Best thing there is. Being alive right now is all that counts.— The Doctor, Season 6, Episode 4
Always take a banana to a party, Rose: bananas are good! — The Doctor, Season 2, Episode 4
You don’t just give up. You don’t just let things happen. You make a stand! You say no! You have the guts to do what’s right, even when everyone else just runs away. — Rose Tyler, Season 1, Episode 13
This is one corner… of one country, in one continent, on one planet that’s a corner of a galaxy that’s a corner of a universe that is forever growing and shrinking and creating and destroying and never remaining the same for a single millisecond. And there is so much, so much to see — The Doctor, Season 7, Episode 4
Rose, before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And you know what? So was I. — The Doctor, Season 1, Episode 13
